## Please introduce yourself
My name is Wang Haiyang. I graduated from Northeast University with a major in IOT Engineering. After graduation, I joined Xiaopeng Motors and worked as an AI Dialogue System Development Engineer. During my time in Xpeng, I have experienced the Xiaopeng dialogue system from the first iteration to the third generation, and I am mainly responsible for the business requirements of the navigation field in the second generation system and the core component design and development of the third generation dialogue system. In the past year, As one of the key contributors, I participated in driving the system iteration from version 2.0 to version 3.0. Because of my performance in the iteration work, I got a promotion last year. 


## 介绍一下你的一些项目
In the past year, my main work included two parts, the Galaxy rule engine and the action server. The Galaxy engine is a self-developed rule engine based on the EasyRules，which is a open resource component. It can break down business logic into simple conditions and actions, which can be organized to deal with highly flexible business requirements. The action server, on the other hand, is one of the core modules in the third-generation dialogue system built on the galaxy rule engine. It converts the code of business logic in the second generation into configurable and organizable rule resources, and provides a set of stateless API to the upstream, which is DAG currently and these APIs will be open to GPT in the future.


## 项目中遇到什么问题和困难，如何解决的 What problems and difficulties encountered in the project, how to solve、
Because the latest generation of dialogue system is a data-driven development model, it is unavoidable for multiple developers to modify the same resource in parallel, and The API rules running inside ActionServer need to call the underlying business code , so there are indeed problems caused by the mismatch between rule resources and codes; in order to solve this problem, I split and isolate resources according to different business lines, and use the ability of git to bind rules and codes, thus solving the problem of parallel development


## Why did you leave your previous company?
I decided to leave my previous company because I felt that it was the right time for me to seek new opportunities and further expand my skills and experiences. While I am grateful for the valuable experiences and knowledge I gained during my time there, I believe that by exploring new challenges, I can continue to grow both professionally and personally.

One of the reasons behind my decision was a desire for career advancement. Although I enjoyed my role and the responsibilities I had, there were limited growth within the organization.

In the short term, our organizational structure will not undergo major changes, which means that I will not be able to access more core content, such as the core dialogue management module in the dialogue system, for at least the next six months.

As I said just now, our development model is now data-driven. To achieve some business functions, we only need to add rules and organsize rules. It is difficult to bring me technical and project improvements.

I am eager to take on more challenging projects and assume greater responsibilities that align with my long-term goals.

It's important to note that I left my previous company on good terms, maintaining positive relationships with my colleagues and managers.


## Why do you choose Benzi?

Benz has a long history of producing high-quality vehicles known for their luxury, performance, and advanced features .Also, benz has a strong focus on research and development, investing heavily in emerging technologies such as autonomous driving, electric mobility, and Intelligent Voice System. This aligns perfectly with my passion for working on projects at the forefront of technological advancements. As an SDE, I am excited about the opportunity to contribute to the development of software systems and applications that power Benz vehicles.


Also, as an international company, Mercedes-Benz can privodes a more friendly and positive working environment for me which allows me to settle down and study technology and contribute my skills to develop more interesting features in electric vehicles

Second, the voice system of Mercedes-Benz is currently emerging. In this state, it can give me more space to understand, design, and develop the core component of a dialogue system. The voice dialogue system is an important channel for human-computer interaction. I believe that it will become one of the important directions in the AIGC field in the future. My personal career plan is also to go deep into the AIGC field and gradually become an expert in this field


## Tell me about your strengths and weaknesses?
I always take the initiative to build a development environment during project promotion, such as the Integrating maven dependencies, three-party service docking, etc. In order to provide a good working environment for others at the same time, I can do more with other colleagues to make it easier

But my biggest problem should be that I am more concerned about other people's evaluation of me. I have relatively high requirements for myself, and for me, the realization of self-worth is to be well received by leaders and colleagues, so this sometimes affects my work status


## How do you see the prospect of the new energy vehicle industry
New energy vehicles are a hot industry at present, and they will also be the main industry promoted by the country in the future. Autonomous driving and intelligent voice must be the areas that are valued in the development of new energy. With the emergence of GPT, I believe that intelligence must be the future development trend of the automotive industry


## 现在已经有哪些offer
I just got an offer to work in the AIGC field, but it is a start-up company, and the follow-up interviews are also for positions in the AIGC field. My career plan is to hope that I can deeply cultivate the field of dialogue systems and AIGC and become an expert in this field in the future. I think As an international platform, Mercedes-Benz can provide me with more space and better opportunities to improve myself and realize my self-worth











